The second change Audacity wants to try is on their course overview page.
They created a new description for one of their courses to dedicate
larger portions to connecting concepts in the course to career skills,
and less on the details of each concept.
They hope that this change may encourage more users to complete the course.
For this experiment, instead of choosing just a single metric,
we're going to analyze multiple.
We'll track the enrollment rate,
the average reading time on the course page,
the average time spent in the classroom,
and the course completion rate.
First, we'll analyze these individually and then,
we'll see how they all come together.